PROMPT CHURCH

TESTING

i want you to create a sample webiste for me. in order for me to visualize it. so this website is for our church. what contains from the header is the logo at the left and at the right is sign up and login 
then at the middle going down is the title just put first (United) 
then the content is this

the user can view the latest post on what is the bible verses and it has a drop down that can choose a date. but the one is automatically the latest. so at the left side a button says "add" then a modal will popup so the form that contains is this.

date, the lead, opening verse then lessons, from lesson there is a button that can add more because lessons could contain more so they just hit the plus to add more and delete if not needed. then next vision then same with there with the lesson, then next is speaker. then there is a button that can add like additional so they can put the title like the lessons, vision, speaker, and then verse as well

then hit submit if its done. 

so here is what it looks like
so in lets start if they add then the form contains.
opening will click field for the testamnet so it will open a drop down they can choose matthew, genesis, revelation, then at side they will click the field for the chapter so it depends on the book like some book such as matthew can reach around 25 chapter some are not so gather information there. so after that they will choose the verse it also depends on the book you know that. the after they choose there they can move to the next one or still add additional verse so its like this

Matthew 5:6     - so like this if they choose 6 and nothing else on the field
Matthew 5:6 - 12 so like this if they prefer to choose

so the format is 

testament chapter : verse - verse
testament chapter : verse

same applies to lessons, vision, 
then at the very end they have the option if they wanted to add a specific additional field

since i only have until speaker so if they click that they can put what is it like

they put on title is: closing

then same thing dropdown for the testaments and so on. then they will submit if they want to continue and if it will be posted on the page just simple display and can click edit and the modal will open retrieve the data and can delete or add additional  what do you think
